README.md, before:

RaceTimes - World of Warcraft skyriding race records viewer
===========================================================

Author: vaxherd  
Source: https://github.com/vaxherd/RaceTimes  
License: Public domain


Overview
--------
RaceTimes is a simple World of Warcraft addon which provides a dialog
window listing the player's best recorded time in each of the game's
skyriding races.  The window includes map links for each race, making it
easier to locate a particular race.

RaceTimes will also remember the best times for each logged-in character
on each race, and can optionally display the best time across all saved
characters rather than just the current character.


Installation
------------
Just copy the source tree into a `RaceTimes` (or otherwise appropriately
named) folder under `Interface/AddOns` in your World of Warcraft
installation.  RaceTimes has no external dependencies.


Usage
-----
Type the `/racetimes` (or `/rt`) command into the chat window to open
the race list.  The list shows the player's best time for each race in
the selected category (Normal, Advanced, etc.), colored according to
whether it is a bronze, silver, or gold time.  The category can be
changed by clicking the buttons at the top of the list.

Click the map link next to each name (or the name itself) to open the
world map with a pin on the race's location.  The map will not open if
you are in combat, though the pin will still be set.

Races are grouped by continent (such as Dragon Isles or Khaz Algar),
with a column of buttons on the left side for choosing a continent.
If there are any races in your current zone, the race list will
automatically select the appropriate continent and scroll to the
current zone when opened.

By default, the race list shows the best times for the character you are
currently playing.  You can instead have it show the best time across
every character you've played with the addon loaded by turning on the
"Show best time across all saved characters" option in the addon's
settings menu, accessed through the usual in-game options window (go to
the "AddOns" tab and click "RaceTimes" in the addon list) or with the
command `/racetimes settings`.

The race list window can be moved by dragging the title bar.  If the
window gets dragged to an inconvenient position, it can be reset to the
center of the screen with the command `/racetimes recenter`.

The race list can also be opened with the macro command
`/run RaceTimes.Show()`, for integration with custom buttons or other
addons.  The settings window can similarly be opened using
`/run RaceTimes.ShowSettings()`.


Reporting bugs
--------------
Report any bugs via the GitHub issues interface:
https://github.com/vaxherd/RaceTimes/issues

Commit message:

Add button to race list window to directly open settings

README.md, after:

RaceTimes - World of Warcraft skyriding race records viewer
===========================================================

Author: vaxherd  
Source: https://github.com/vaxherd/RaceTimes  
License: Public domain


Overview
--------
RaceTimes is a simple World of Warcraft addon which provides a dialog
window listing the player's best recorded time in each of the game's
skyriding races.  The window includes map links for each race, making it
easier to locate a particular race.

RaceTimes will also remember the best times for each logged-in character
on each race, and can optionally display the best time across all saved
characters rather than just the current character.


Installation
------------
Just copy the source tree into a `RaceTimes` (or otherwise appropriately
named) folder under `Interface/AddOns` in your World of Warcraft
installation.  RaceTimes has no external dependencies.


Usage
-----
Type the `/racetimes` (or `/rt`) command into the chat window to open
the race list.  The list shows the player's best time for each race in
the selected category (Normal, Advanced, etc.), colored according to
whether it is a bronze, silver, or gold time.  The category can be
changed by clicking the buttons at the top of the list.

Click the map link next to each name (or the name itself) to open the
world map with a pin on the race's location.  The map will not open if
you are in combat, though the pin will still be set.

Races are grouped by continent (such as Dragon Isles or Khaz Algar),
with a column of buttons on the left side for choosing a continent.
If there are any races in your current zone, the race list will
automatically select the appropriate continent and scroll to the
current zone when opened.

By default, the race list shows the best times for the character you are
currently playing.  You can instead have it show the best time across
every character you've played with the addon loaded by turning on the
"Show best time across all saved characters" option in the addon's
settings menu; the settings menu can be accessed by clicking the "gear"
button to the right of the category buttons, through the in-game options
window (go to the "AddOns" tab and click "RaceTimes" in the addon list),
or with the command `/racetimes settings`.

The race list window can be moved by dragging the title bar.  If the
window gets dragged to an inconvenient position, it can be reset to the
center of the screen with the command `/racetimes recenter`.

The race list can also be opened with the macro command
`/run RaceTimes.Show()`, for integration with custom buttons or other
addons.  The settings window can similarly be opened using
`/run RaceTimes.ShowSettings()`.


Reporting bugs
--------------
Report any bugs via the GitHub issues interface:
https://github.com/vaxherd/RaceTimes/issues
